
Single Axis Tracking:		adjusts the panels rotation around the horizontal axis to achieve higher efficiencies.
				[Once this is activated the "Limit Angle of Tracking System" should be set, which corresponds to the maximum angle that the modules can
				rotate to]

Backtracking:			reduces the shadowing effects on modules during extreme low sun angles in the morning and evening.
				[a clearance height has to be entered which should represent distance between the module and the ground] 

Azimuth of PV surface:		orientation of solar panels [North=0째  East=90째  South=180째  West=270째]  

Albedo Calculation: 			The calculation of the reflected diffused irradiation on the front side of the modules and almost the entire irradiance received by the rear side of
				the modules.

Spectral Albedo Model: 		calculates the spectral albedo of the surface selected and is dependent not only on the spectral reflectance of the material (measured and stored in a
				separate reflectivity file as a matrix of values) but also on the atmospheric irradiance and how they interact with each other. This is an effective way
				of modeling the albedo for simulations; however it is quite computationally intensive and dependent on accurate  weather data and comprehensive
				albedo values. 
				[Choosing the option Hourly Spectral Albedo requires a seperate Reflectivity file, which should be inserted under the Main Control tab.]

Simplified Variable Albedo Model:	The simplified variable albedo model uses the basic albedo value of a surface and implements a calculation based upon the position of the sun and how  
				this varies the albedo. This is a slightly more accurate solution to the constant albedo value however it is still heavily dependent on the constant albedo of  
				the underlying ground.

Hourly Albedo Measurement Data:	It is also possible to use previously measured hourly albedo values for further simulations, this can be useful for validation
				bifacial gain of a new module within BifacialSimu or alternative way to find out how other modules would function in this particular
				scenario.
				[the use of hourly measured albedo values is not possible with fixed tilt simulations at this point in time]

Constant Albedo Value:		This is the simplest and therefore least accurate implementation of albedo in the simulation. It relies on a simple, average value of the
				ground's albedo and inputs this into the irradiance calculation for the front and rear sides. These can be selected with the drop-down menu
				according to what the surface is made of, or alternatively a custom numerical value can be entered.
				[the name of the Surface will not be modified after entering a custom value]

Soiling Rate:			The soiling rate describes the loss of absorbed solar radiation per time unit due to soiling of the PV surface.
				The soiling rate depends mainly on the dust content in the air [ug/m^3], weather and climate and thus on the region. The unit is [%/d]. The higher the soiling rate, the lower 
				the lower the power output of the PV system. The soiling of the PV modules increases cumulatively with time until the system is cleaned or when it rains.

Average Soiling Rate:		This is the simplest way to set the soiling rate. On the one hand, a constant soiling rate can be entered manually in the text field. If a measured soiling rate 
				value is available, it can be entered here. On the other hand, a drop-down menu can be used to select preset constant soiling rates by world region (e.g. Scandinavia, 
				South Asia, Western Europe, etc.). These values were determined using the PM2.5 fine dust content [ug/m^3] of the respective region averaged over one year.

Soiling Rate from Weather Data:	This variant is the most accurate. Here, the nearest city to the simulation site is determined from a data 
				collection of monthly soilingsrates of more than 500 cities. These soiling rates were calculated using the PM2.5 air fine dust content. After the 
				nearest weather station is found, a list of soiling rates (Jan - Dec) is automatically set and the location of the weather station and the distance to it [km] are displayed.

