Single Axis Tracking:		adjusts the panels rotation around the horizantal axis to achieve higher efficiencies. 
				[Once this is activated the "Limit Angle of Tracking System" should be set, which corresponds to the maximum angle that the modules can 
				rotate to]

Backtracking:			reduces the shadowing effects on modules during extreme low sun angles in the morning and evening. 
				[a clearance height has to be entered which should represent distance between the module and the ground]

Azimuth of PV surface:		orientation of solar panels [North=0째  East=90째  South=180째  West=270째]

Albedo Calculation: 		The calculation of the reflected diffused irradiation on the front side of the modules and almost the entire irradiance received by the rear side of 
				the modules.

Spectral Albedo Model: 		calculates the spectral albedo of the surface selected and is dependent not only on the spectral reflectance of the material (measured and
                         			stored in a separate reflectivity file as a matrix of values) but also on the atmospheric irradiance and how they interact with each other.
                         			This is an effective way of modeling the albedo for simulations; however it is quite computationally intensive and dependent on accurate
                       			weather data and comprehensive albedo values.
				[Choosing the option Hourly Spectral Albedo requires a seperate Reflectivity file, which should be inserted under the Main Control tab]

Simplified Variable Albedo Model:	The simplified variable albedo model uses the basic albedo value of a surface and implements a calculation based upon the position of the
				sun and how this varies the albedo. This is a slightly more accurate solution to the constant albedo value however it is still heavily
				dependent on the constant value.

Hourly Albedo Measurement Data:	It is also possible to use previously measured hourly albedo values for further simulations, this can be useful for validation
				bifacial gain of a new module within BifacialSimu or alternatively then a way to find out how other modules would function in this particular
				scenario.
				[the use of hourly measured albedo values is not possible with fixed tilt simulations at this point in time]

Constant Albedo Value:		This is the simplest and therefore least accurate implementation of albedo in the simulation. It relies on a simple, average value of the
				ground's albedo and inputs this into the irradiance calculation for the front and rear sides. These can be selected with the drop-down menu
				according to what the surface is made of, or alternatively a custom numerical value can be entered.
				[the name of the Surface will not be modified after entering a custom value]

FOR MORE INFORMATION CHECK OUR README SECTION ON GITHUB OR CLICK THE "OK" BUTTON BELOW